add polls for December 30th (#2812)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/Resilience Research Project Application - Legal Opinion on MiCA Compliance for CEX Listings of USDS and DAI - December 30, 2024.md

parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes - Proceed with obtaining formal legal expertise to ensure compliance with MiCA.
   2: No - Do not proceed with formal legal consultation.
start_date: 2024-12-30T16:00:00
end_date: 2025-01-02T16:00:00
---
# Poll: Resilience Research Project Application - Legal Opinion on MiCA Compliance for CEX Listings of USDS and DAI - December 30, 2024

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of the Support Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.9.1_Operational_Weekly_Cycle-b189fa17-57a9-4d4e-9780-0ce4efd94211%7C0db30308) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, December 30 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**
- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

> The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to funding this Resilience Research Project Application which seeks to fund a legal opinion on MiCA compliance for CEX listings of USDS and Dai. The project abstract is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to funding a Resilience Research Project proposal which seeks to produce a legal opinion on MiCA compliance for CEX listings of USDS and Dai. The project abstract is as follows:
```
This language is closer to [what stands in the Atlas](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.2.8.1.4_Application_Process/9660eeb7-900e-49ff-9323-e7560b7a6436%7C9e1f609f13e1), I think.
